README.md, before:

<div align = "center">

<h1><a href="https://2kabhishek.github.io/2kabhishek.github.io">2kabhishek.github.io</a></h1>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/blob/main/LICENSE">
<img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=eee&label="> </a>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/graphs/contributors">
<img alt="People" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=ffaaf2&label=People"> </a>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/stargazers">
<img alt="Stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=98c379&label=Stars"></a>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/network/members">
<img alt="Forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=66a8e0&label=Forks"> </a>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/watchers">
<img alt="Watches" src="https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=f5d08b&label=Watches"> </a>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/pulse">
<img alt="Last Updated" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=e06c75&label="> </a>

</div>

This is the source for my personal portfolio site of the same name.
[Live version](https://2kabhishek.github.io)

Feel free to fork it for your own use.

Run `npm install` after clone to install all the required dependencies.

Uses `gulp` for task management, you can either use `npm i -g gulp` or use `npx gulp` to run tasks.

Tasks:

- `gulp styles`: This project uses sass for styling, run `gulp styles` to convert `styles/styles.scss` into minified `styles/styles.css`.
- `gulp scripts`: Minifies `scripts/scripts.js` into `scripts/scripts.min.js`.
- `gukp watch`: Actively watch for file changes and run tasks as needed.

## Sections

- Lead: Contains name, designation & other contact links.
- About: Contains short description and/or career goals.
- Experience: Previous work experiences in chronological order.
- Skills: Lists acquired skills and industrial knowledge.

If you are looking for the legacy version with Education and Projects sections, check the [legacy branch](https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/tree/legacy)

Commit message:

docs: update readme to reflect no-build setup
Updates the README.md to remove outdated build instructions and reflect the new, simplified setup.

README.md, after:

<div align = "center">

<h1><a href="https://2kabhishek.github.io/2kabhishek.github.io">2kabhishek.github.io</a></h1>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/blob/main/LICENSE">
<img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=eee&label="> </a>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/graphs/contributors">
<img alt="People" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=ffaaf2&label=People"> </a>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/stargazers">
<img alt="Stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=98c379&label=Stars"></a>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/network/members">
<img alt="Forks" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=66a8e0&label=Forks"> </a>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/watchers">
<img alt="Watches" src="https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=f5d08b&label=Watches"> </a>

<a href="https://github.com/2KAbhishek/2kabhishek.github.io/pulse">
<img alt="Last Updated" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/2kabhishek/2kabhishek.github.io?style=flat&color=e06c75&label="> </a>

</div>

This is the source for my personal portfolio site. You can see the [live version here](https://2kabhishek.github.io).

Feel free to fork it for your own use.

## Tech Stack

This is built with plain HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, with no build process. It uses jQuery for some DOM manipulation and animations.

## Sections

- **Lead:** Contains name, designation & other contact links.
- **About:** Contains a short description and/or career goals.
- **Experience:** Previous work experiences in chronological order.
- **Skills:** Lists acquired skills and industrial knowledge.
